Who is it?
Dad.
Come on in, Dad.
I thought you might be hungry.
I brought you a chicken sandwich, glass of milk.
I am hungry.
Thanks, Dad.
What time is it anyway?
Ten o'clock.
What are you working on?
I am writing a story for the high school paper.
Can't you finish it tomorrow?
No.
I have to turn it in in the morning.
And what's it about?
I am writing an article on the feelings about graduation.
And how do you feel?
Me?
A little scared.
And excited too.
I felt the same way.
Scared parts leaving home and moving to college.
Oh.
Leaving them is part of growing up.
Well, don't work all night.
I don't mind.
I enjoy writing.
Maybe you should think about becoming a writer.
Maybe I should.
You have lots of time to decide.
That's the worst part, making decisions.
You'll be okay.
Good night, son.
Good night, Dad.
Hey, you two, the writers.
I'll be in jail to the conquering heroes.
Hey, you two.
The conquering heroes.
To the shig.
The champions of the West.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ah, good morning, Robbie.
Good morning, Dad.
How's my grandson?
Fine, grandpa.
Fine.
What's all the cheering about?
Did the University of Michigan win another football game?
Better than that.
Tell me, Philip.
I just spoke with Charlie Raffer, whose Charlie Raffer.
He's the Dean of Admissions for the University of Michigan.
And it turns out, his a classmate of Philip's,
that we were both on the tennis team.
Great.
It is great.
He's going to be in New York tomorrow to interview applicants
for admission.
And he's a great to fit you into his schedule.
But I may not want to go to Michigan.
It's one of the best schools in the country, Robbie.
I studied medicine there.
Your grandfather went to the engineering school there.
I know that.
But you said you wanted to be a doctor like your father?
Not exactly.
You couldn't pick a finer medical school than Michigan.
Yes, I know that.
Let's meet with Charlie at the University Club.
10 o'clock tomorrow morning.
It doesn't mean you're going to Michigan.
It doesn't mean you have to be a doctor.
But the interviewer would be good experience for you.
In that case, it's OK.
Dad, growing up means making my own decisions, doesn't it?
You're right, Robbie.
But like your grandpa suggested, have the interview.
And then make your own decision.
That sounds fine.
Look, I know it's sudden, Robbie.
But this is an important opportunity.
We'll head down there first thing tomorrow morning.
OK.
Sure, Dad.
I want you to know something, son.
I'm very proud of you.
Thanks, Dad.
Well, I've got an appointment at the hospital.
I'll see you all at dinner time.
Bye, Dad.
Is there something still wrong, Robbie?
I'll be OK.
Going away to college for the first time always makes one a little nervous.
I guess so.
I'll be OK.
It's just need time to think.